update course (#15)
webdriverio/workshop: chapter_12.md

The objective of this chapter are the following:

1. Create a new test for testing out Bidi commands
2. Opt-in to the new protocol capabilities by adding `webSocketUrl: true` to your capabilities
3. Write a test that verifies whether there are any JavaScript errors after navigating to the page
4. Call the [`sessionSubscribe`](https://webdriver.io/docs/api/webdriverBidi#sessionsubscribe) command and let the driver know that you are interested in `log.entryAdded` events
5. Register a command handler via `browser.on('log.entryAdded', (entryAdded) => ...)` and log error entries
6. Make the test navigate to `https://the-internet.herokuapp.com/javascript_error`

> 7. Let the test fail if you discover an error being thrown during page load

Reviewer: same here
```suggestion
1. Opt-in to the new protocol capabilities by adding `webSocketUrl: true` to your capabilities
1. Write a test that verifies whether there are any JavaScript errors after navigating to the page
  1. Call the [`sessionSubscribe`](https://webdriver.io/docs/api/webdriverBidi#sessionsubscribe) command and let the driver know that you are interested in `log.entryAdded` events
  1. Register a command handler via `browser.on('log.entryAdded', (entryAdded) => ...)` and log error entries
  1. Make the test navigate to `https://the-internet.herokuapp.com/javascript_error`
  1. Let the test fail if you discover an error being thrown during page load
```

The objective of this chapter are the following:

1. Add a new test where we want to verify that all page requests where successful
2. Use the `sessionSubscribe` command again, to enable events for `network.responseCompleted`
3. Register a command handler via `browser.on('network.responseCompleted', (responses) => ...)` and log failing network requests
4. Make the test navigate to `https://the-internet.herokuapp.com/broken_images`

> 5. Let the test fail if the request contained any failing requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the `sessionSubscribe` command again, to enable events for `network.responseCompleted`
1. Register a command handler via `browser.on('network.responseCompleted', (responses) => ...)` and log failing network requests
1. Make the test navigate to `https://the-internet.herokuapp.com/broken_images`
1. Let the test fail if the request contained any failing requests
```

Markdown will automatically count of no matter which number is provided. It allows to change the order without having to change the numbers in the list

Author: Yeah but it looks odd when people read it without opening the markdown in a preview and we pretty much never update this and when we do it's a small effort to update the number right?

Reviewer: I actually have moved around this list a couple of times and add/removed items in here.
